Video translated by Team (www.gogoanime21.eu.org).
official website, (www.gogoanime21.eu.org)
Yin Zhiyuan
You will never atone for your sins
today
There will be revenge
Let him pay with blood
Not allowed to come over
Don't come over
From today on, you are my ninth generation headmaster of Hengyue.
Take me Hengyue to carry forward the glory
Every injustice has its owner, every debt has its owner
Yin Zhiyuan's evil deeds were all secretly planned by the Zhengyang Sect
It’s time to seek justice from the Zhengyang Sect
How could Ye Chen become the leader of Heng Yue Sect?
We also need to take action against Zhengyang Sect
We have to send the news back immediately
Elder Ge
Are you planning to tip off the Zhengyang Sect?
I should call you the deputy chief of the Zhengyang Sect Intelligence Pavilion.
Xu Yan is right
The leader wants to clean up the remnants of Patriarch Tongxuan
Why bother?
Put a traitor hat on my head
This is undercover
Sure enough, the mind is far from ordinary
That being the case
I have a skill to search for souls and memories
Do you dare to let me check?
I, Ge Qing, have a clear conscience
Although the headmaster
Want to leave
seal up
Master is looking for me
No news yet
Everything is thanks to you, Ge Qing, the thief.
today
I will never forgive you
Ye Chen
Don't be too proud
Even if I die
I want to bite off a piece of your flesh too
Yeah
Soul-Breaking Dagger
That's it
Both are in the fourth level of the empty table realm.
Ge Qing couldn't take a single move from Ye Chen's hands
Those forces in Zhengyang Qingyun
The traitor spy placed in the sect
Everything is under control
Next
Send word back in the name of these traitors
Let them think,
Hengyue is still in the hands of Tongxuan
Then in the name of Tongxuan
Go to various sects
Post a wanted notice for me
In fact, he took the opportunity to win over the forces that are friendly with Heng Yue.
Start to deal with Zhengyang Sect
this matter
I'll leave it to my uncle to take care of it.
Obey the teachings
Ancestor
Good news
News comes from Xuyan
Hengyue Zhengda sent manpower
Go to the major denominations
Ask them to arrest Ye Chen
Looking for Yin Zhiyuan
Now Hengyue's people are in chaos
This is a good opportunity for us to meet Hengyue in spring.
what are you going to do
First, swallow up those aristocratic families that have good relations with the Heng Yue Sect.
Especially those who have been against me, the Zhengyang Sect
Then
Take down Heng Yue in one fell swoop
Qingyun Sect
He won't just watch us annex Heng Yue.
We can form an alliance with the Qingyun Sect
Discuss how to carve up the power of the Heng Yue Sect
But how much can they win?
It's us who have the final say
Dragon Lord
How to deal with this thing
Is it ruined?
This is a treasure
How can it be ruined?
Use the Great Sun Tathagata to purify the light of the world
Destroy its evil thoughts
it will turn into a
A heart filled with pure magical power
It’s much more refined than your spring magic
refine it into your body
When you escape into the devilish state again in the future,
Combat power bonus
It’s not at the same level as before.
That's really a treasure
Video translated by Team (www.gogoanime21.eu.org).
official website, (www.gogoanime21.eu.org)
What's going on
In my divine sea
This shadow
It should be transformed by the power of the devil's heart
But where did Buddha come from?
The power of faith in Tathagata the Great Sun
The transformed thought body
When you fought against Yin Zhiyuan
Used the Great Sun Tathagata to purify the world in the demonic state
The Buddha was watching
Then you let me refine the devil's heart
urgent matter
You have to balance these two forces
otherwise
The power of battle between Buddha and demon
Will destroy your divine sea
I'll settle the score with you later
I said two
Can you give me some face?
Don't fight
In my territory,
It's not your turn to make trouble here.
Whether it’s a devil or a Buddha
All of you, please lie down.
Just now
The Way of Tai Chi
balance of yin and yang
receive
Finally solved
But it’s just a stopgap measure
Ye Xiaozi
You practice the Holy Path but have a demonic mind accompanying you
The speed of practice in the future
Can be many times better than others
Put it this way
You're a pretty good dragon.
Can I still trick you?
It depends on your cultivation level
The sixth level of sky realm
Holy Lord
Something happened
Dongyue Shangguan Family, who have good relations with Hengyue
Being attacked by the two armies of the Zhengyang Sect
Unexpectedly, Zhengyang Sect
He would actually attack them first
I'll rush there first
Send me orders
Destroy the Yellow Sky table and all above are dispatched
Be careful not to let any news leak out
Catch them off guard
Attack again
at this speed
No need for half a stick of incense
can break through the barrier
Completely annex this Shangguan family
This Shangguan family is rich in stunning beauties
?
Especially the sisters Shangguan Hanyue and Shangguan Yuer
I don't care about other people
But you can’t touch Shangguan Hanyue who is pregnant with the Tao spirit body.
She was arrested by the leader's name
As long as people don't play to death, it'll be fine
Disciples listen to orders
Concentrate your attack
short-lived
She is truly stunning in the world
Shangguan Hanyue
If you follow me
I can protect the lives of your entire family
Descendants of Shangguan family
Is there anyone who is greedy for life and afraid of death?
Swear to the death to defend the Shangguan family
Overestimating one's capabilities
beauty
You'd better have fun with me
Brother will love you very much
elder sister
Come and have fun, beauty
Not my own thing
Don't stretch your dog's paws randomly
Ye Chen
Why is he here?
Wasn't he being chased by Heng Yue?
He escaped here
It seems
Not too late
Who do I think I am?
It turned out that Ichijo was kicked out by Zhengyang Sect.
The homeless dog is now hiding everywhere
Where did the dog barking come from?
So harsh
I will kill you today
Be careful behind
Ye Chen
You have repeatedly ruined our family's affairs
Today you will die
Two quasi-heaven realms,
One versus two is still a bit reluctant.
That being the case
Ye Chen is possessed
?
More like turning on the magic state
Pretend to be a ghost
I want to string together your body
Hang on the city gate
My life is too heavy
I'm afraid you can't afford it
Demon Dragon Slash
Video translated by Team (www.gogoanime21.eu.org).
official website, (www.gogoanime21.eu.org)
Damn it
Where did Ye Chen get such strong magic power?
It seems
Our Shangguan family is saved
The realm of empty space and darkness
Resist two quasi-heaven realms
This Ye Chen
It can be said that he is the first person in the world
This is how a peerless genius should be
Yin Cang
Kill Ye Chen quickly
I feel
Something's not right
You don't need to tell me I'll do the same thing
Overlord's Crazy Halberd
Soul-catching divine light
Nine days to kill evil
holy treasure
Holy Lord
Above the realm of Yanhuang sky and underworld
Everyone is here
It's finally here
Run quickly
late
Demon Dragon Flame
don't kill me
I have important information
Xiong Jiazheng of Southern Xinjiang
I want to be your bride
The barrier cannot be broken
Even if you die
Also hold on
Xiong Er
You can't die
It seems that I am a good person
How can you, who is full of bad ideas, be a good person?
Ye Chen
your proposal
I agreed
Video translated by Team (www.gogoanime21.eu.org).
official website, (www.gogoanime21.eu.org)